Adding documentation about creation of uber-JARs (#3785)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch: DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md

To do so you will be using [Gradle Shadow plugin](https://imperceptiblethoughts.com/shadow/).
Go to the `build.gradle` file of the module for which you want to create the fat-JAR.

Add the shadow plugin:
```
apply plugin: 'com.github.johnrengelman.shadow'
```
After applying the plugin you should see a new gradle command `shadowJar`. Run the command using:
```
../../gradlew shadowJar
```
Note: `gradlew` is at the root of OpenSearch project directory. You will have to change the path according to the module you are trying to build the shadowJar for.

This will generate a fat-JAR in the `build/distributions` folder of the module. The default name of the fat-JAR will be `opensearch-[MODULE NAME]-[VERSION].jar`. You can inspect that it contains all the requirements using a decompiler.

> 

Reviewer: Let's add how to use the JAR?

Install the produce JAR locally, e.g. `mvn install:install-file -Dfile=src/main/resources/opensearch-rest-high-level-client-1.4.0-SNAPSHOT.jar -DgroupId=org.opensearch.client -DartifactId=opensearch-rest-high-level-client -Dversion=1.4.0-SNAPSHOT -Dpackaging=jar -DgeneratePom=true`

Reference the installed JAR as any other maven artifact, e.g. 

```
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.opensearch.client</groupId>
            <artifactId>opensearch-rest-high-level-client</artifactId>
            <version>1.4.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
        </dependency>
```

./gradlew integTest -PcustomDistributionUrl="https://ci.opensearch.org/ci/dbc/bundle-build/1.2.0/1127/linux/x64/dist/opensearch-1.2.0-linux-x64.tar.gz"
```

> ### Creating fat-JAR of a module

Reviewer: Capitalize Module

I think we can leave fat lowercase

A fat-JAR (or an uber-JAR) is the JAR, which contains classes from all the libraries, on which your project depends and, of course, the classes of current project.

> There might be cases where the developer would like to add some custom logic to the code of a module (or multiple modules) and generate a fat-JAR that can be directly used by the dependency management tool. For example in [#3665](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/3665) the developer wanted to provide a tentative patch as a fat-JAR to a consumer for changes made in the high level rest client. 

Reviewer: the developer -> a developer

For example in -> For example, in

rest -> REST

> To do so you will be using [Gradle Shadow plugin](https://imperceptiblethoughts.com/shadow/).

Reviewer: Use [Gradle Shadow ...

Add the following to the `build.gradle` file of the module for which you want to create the fat-JAR, e.g. `client/rest-high-level/build.gradle`:

```
apply plugin: 'com.github.johnrengelman.shadow'
```

Run the `shadowJar` command using:
```
./gradlew :client:rest-high-level:shadowJar
```

This will generate a fat-JAR in the `build/distributions` folder of the module, e.g. .`/client/rest-high-level/build/distributions/opensearch-rest-high-level-client-1.4.0-SNAPSHOT.jar`.

You can further customize your fat-JAR by customising the plugin, More information about shadow plugin can be found [here](https://imperceptiblethoughts.com/shadow/).

> To use the generated JAR, install the JAR locally, 

Reviewer: Put e.g. on the line above.

The Github workflow in [lucene-snapshots.yml](.github/workflows/lucene-snapshots.yml) is a Github worfklow executable by maintainers to build a top-down snapshot build of lucene.
These snapshots are available to test compatibility with upcoming changes to Lucene by updating the version at [version.properties](buildsrc/version.properties) with the `version-snapshot-sha` version.
Example: `lucene = 10.0.0-snapshot-2e941fc`.

> # Creating uber-JAR/fat-JAR of a module

Reviewer: Make this "Creating Fat JARs", a bit shorter

Let's put this under Gradle Build, so more than 1 ## and move it up?

> An uber-JAR is the JAR, which contains classes from all the libraries, on which your project depends and, of course, the classes of current project.

Reviewer: A fat-JAR or an uber-JAR is a JAR that contians ...

> There might be cases where the developer would like to add some custom logic to the code of a module (like the rest client) and generate anuber-JAR that can be directly used by the dependency management tool.

Reviewer: For example, in https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/3702 a developer needed ...

> There might be cases where the developer would like to add some custom logic to the code of a module (like the rest client) and generate anuber-JAR that can be directly used by the dependency management tool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There might be cases where the developer would like to add some custom logic to the code of a module (like the rest client) and generate an uber-JAR that can be directly used by the dependency management tool.
```

To do so you will be using [Gradle Shadow plugin](https://imperceptiblethoughts.com/shadow/).
Go to the `build.gradle` file of the module for which you want to create the uber-JAR.
Add the shadow plugin:
```
apply plugin: 'com.github.johnrengelman.shadow'

> ```

Reviewer: And then what? What do I type now to generate the fat JAR and what does it produce? Feel free to include console output, just walk me through it like a 2yo.

Author: Apologies, I had previously added the following steps but somehow they did not make it to the commit. updating the PR

Author: This is the console output:
```
(base) garprana@88665a37c3c3 rest-high-level % ../../gradlew shadowJar

> Configure project :qa:os
Cannot add task 'destructiveDistroTest.docker' as a task with that name already exists.
=======================================
OpenSearch Build Hamster says Hello!
  Gradle Version        : 6.6.1
  OS Info               : Mac OS X 12.4 (x86_64)
  JDK Version           : 11 (JDK)
  JAVA_HOME             : /Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/amazon-corretto-11.jdk/Contents/Home
  Random Testing Seed   : D0C50CCED424B21E
  In FIPS 140 mode      : false
=======================================

BUILD SUCCESSFUL in 9s
36 actionable tasks: 1 executed, 35 up-to-date

```

Which is not providing a lot of information so have not included it in the document.
